{% raw %} <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-administrative-parent-name.html">Ext: Administrative Parent Name</a> <p>Extension: The name of a person’s parent, recorded for administrative purposes as part of the person’s demographics (e.g to help with identification). This SHOULD NOT be confused with a parent whose details are recorded for contact purposes (Patient.contact) or as a family member (RelatedPerson). Most systems will use the “father’s name” field as the source of data for this extension. NOTE: This extension replaces the old ParentName extension and is the PREFFERED extension. Note: there SHOULD be only one parent marked as 'official'</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-allergy-intolerance-end.html">Ext: Allergy Intolerance End</a> <p>Supports the date when the allergy or intolerance was no longer valid, and/or, the reason why the allergy or intolerance is no longer valid.</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-city-code.html">Ext: City Code</a> <p>A coded representation of the city, town or settlement</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-diagnostic-report-note.html">Ext: DiagnosticReport Note</a> <p>Extension: DiagnosticReport Note annotation, to mimic v5 DiagnosticReport.note element</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-documented-event-date.html">Ext: ILCore Documented Event Date</a> <p>Extension: The date of the event this DocumentReference describes</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-event-occurrence-location.html">Ext: Event Occurrence Location</a> <p>Extension: Location in which an event occurred</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-hebrew-date.html">Ext: Hebrew Date</a> <p>Extension: Allows the use of Hebrew dates</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-il-hmo.html">Ext: Israel Health Management Organization (קופת חולים)</a> <p>Extension: Israel Health Management Organizations (קופות חולים)</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-medication-course-of-therapy-type.html">Ext: Medication Course-Of-Therapy Type</a> <p>Extension: A coded representation of the type of course-of-therapy</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-movement-sequence-number.html">Ext: Movement Sequence-Number</a> <p>Extension: Movement Sequence-Number</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-narcotic-medication.html">Ext: ILCore Narcotic Medication</a> <p>Extension: Noting if a medication is narcotic or not</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-parent-name.html">Ext: Name of parent</a> <p>Extension: The name of a parent. NOTE: This extension is now DEPRECATED (ststus: retired) and has been replaced with AdminParentName</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-patient-immigration.html">Ext: Patient Immigration</a> <p>Extension: Immigration information for patient - for the purpose of this extension - immigration is an international movement of a person to a destination country in order to settle as permanent resident</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-procedure-reference.html">Ext: ILCore Procedure Reference</a> <p>Extension: Procedure Reference</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-qualification-practice.html">Ext: Qualification Practice</a> <p>Extension: Qualification Practice</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-reaction-duration.html">Reaction Duration</a> <p>Extension: Reaction Duration</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-recorded-time.html">Ext: ILCore Recorded Time</a> <p>Extension: The time in which the medication order / administration / dispense was recorded</p>
</li>
 <li><a href="StructureDefinition-ext-statistical-area.html">Ext: Statistical Area</a> <p>Extension: Statistical Area. A concatination of the city symbol + 4-digit statistical area code in settelment. Full CBS number conatins two parts: City symbol + statistical number. E.g.: Jerusalem (3000) 113 area produces -&gt; 3000113</p>
</li>
{% endraw %}